Add GodotVR respository info to ARVR Primer (#3678)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/vr/vr_primer.rst

And that's all you need to get started with the native mobile interface. Obviously, you need
to add something more into your scene, so there is something to see, but after that, you can
export the game to your phone of choice, pop it into a viewer and away you go.

Official plugins and resources
------------------------------

As mentioned earlier, Godot does not support the various VR and AR SDKs out of the box, you
need a plugin for the specific SDK you want to use. There are several official plugins available
in the `GodotVR Repository <https://github.com/GodotVR>`_.

* `Godot Oculus Mobile <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_oculus_mobile>`_ provides support for
  the Oculus Go and Oculus Quest. The Quest will require additional setup documented `here <doc_developing_for_oculus_quest>`_.
* `Godot OpenVR <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_openvr>`_ (not to be confused with OpenXR)
  supports the OpenVR SDK used by Steam.
* `Godot Oculus <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_oculus>`_ supports the Oculus SDK
  (desktop headsets only).
* `Godot OpenHMD <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_openhmd>`_ supports OpenHMD, an open source
  API and drivers for headsets.

> These plugins can be downloaded from github or the Godot Asset Library. The author of them will

Reviewer: "The author of them" sounds awkward, I'd use "Their author".

But I'd also prefer to simply drop the sentence, I don't think it's relevant information for the docs.

> These plugins can be downloaded from github or the Godot Asset Library. The author of them will

Reviewer: Make sure to capitalize **G**it**H**ub properly.

you can hold in your hand to something the size of a building. In AR and VR, this changes because
things in your virtual world are mapped to things in the real world. If you step 1 meter forward in
the real world, but you only move 1 cm forward in your virtual world, you have a problem. The same
with the position of your controllers; if they don't appear in the right relative space, it breaks
the immersion for the player. Most VR platforms, including our AR/VR Server, assume that 1 unit = 1
meter. The AR/VR server, however, has a property that, for convenience, is also exposed on the
ARVROrigin node called world scale. For instance, setting this to a value of 10 changes our coordinate
system so 10 units = 1 meter.

Performance is another thing that needs to be carefully considered. Especially VR taxes your game
a lot more than most people realize. For mobile VR, you have to be extra careful here, but even for
desktop games, there are three factors that make life extra difficult:

* You are rendering stereoscopic, two for the price of one. While not exactly doubling the work load
  and with things in the pipeline such as supporting the new MultiView OpenGL extension in mind, there

>   still is an extra workload in rendering images for both eyes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  still is an extra workload in rendering images for both eyes.
```

> * A normal game will run acceptably on 30fps and ideally manages 60fps. That gives you a big range to
>   play with between lower end and higher end hardware. For any HMD application of AR or VR, however,
>   60fps is the absolute minimum and you should target your games to run at a stable 90fps to ensure your
>   users don't get motion sickness right off the bat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A normal game will run acceptably on 30 FPS and ideally manages 60 FPS. That gives you a big range to
  play with between lower end and higher end hardware. For any HMD application of AR or VR, however,
  60 FPS is the absolute minimum and you should target your games to run at a stable 90 FPS to ensure your
  users don't get motion sickness right off the bat.
```

* The high FOV and related lens distortion effect require many VR experiences to render at double the

>   resolution. Yes a VIVE may only have a resolution of 1080x1200 per eye, we're rendering each eye at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  resolution. A HTC Vive may only have a resolution of 1080x1200 per eye, but we're rendering each eye at
```

  2160x2400 as a result. This is less of an issue for most AR applications.

All in all, the workload your GPU has in comparison with a normal 3D game is a fair amount
higher. While things are in the pipeline to improve this, such as MultiView and foveated rendering,

> these aren't supported on all devices. This is why you see many VR games using a more art style

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
these aren't supported on all devices. This is why you see many VR games using a less realistic art style
```
